Dustin Goodman is an engineering leader, writer, speaker, husband, and dog dad with over a decade of experience. He is an Engineering Manager with a focus on building and growing teams that deliver quality user experiences while fostering a culture of growth, empathy, and mentorship. Dustin can be found around the web sharing his expertise in software engineering and helping to bolster the community as best he can. He's spoken at conferences, meetups, and podcasts on engineering leadership, React, GraphQL, Angular and Serverless topics. He runs a weekly stream on Thursday nights with a focus on learning and mentorship.

He is an expert product engineer with over a decade of industry experience leading product and engineering teams to deliver solutions to their target audiences. Dustin is a technologist who presents on stages around the USA. His blog contains topics ranging from leadership learnings to technical deep dives. His goal is to share his experiences with those willing to learn about them. Dustin's expertise is in React, GraphQL, and Serverless technologies. However, he has worked in a variety of technologies and toolchains and is versatile to any web-based technology stack and team.

I am an engineering leader, writer, speaker, and dog dad. I work as an Engineering Manager at This Dot Labs, where I help my team grow a community of current and future technologists in order to learn about and further web technologies. I am an expert product engineer with over a decade of industry experience leading product and engineering teams to deliver solutions to their target audiences with first-in-class user experiences.

I'm a technologist who presents on stages around the USA. My blog contains topics ranging from leadership learnings to technical deep dives. My goal is to share my experiences with those willing to learn about them.

My expertise is in React, GraphQL, and Serverless technologies. However, I've worked in a variety of technologies and toolchains and am versatile to any web-based technology stack and team.
